c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\bin\Debug\LoginForm_Demo.exe.config
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\bin\Debug\LoginForm_Demo.exe
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\bin\Debug\LoginForm_Demo.pdb
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\LoginForm_Demo_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\LoginForm_Demo_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\LoginForm_Demo.g.resources
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\LoginForm_Demo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\LoginForm_Demo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\LoginForm_Demo.exe
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\LoginForm_Demo.pdb
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\AdminPage.g.cs
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\Views\User\UserPage.g.cs
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\Views\User\UserReg.g.cs
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\AdminPage.baml
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\Views\User\UserPage.baml
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\Views\User\UserReg.baml
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Lion\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\LoginForm_Demo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\Views\LoginMode.g.cs
C:\Users\Lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\Views\LoginMode.baml
C:\Users\Lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\Views\ChangeLogon.g.cs
C:\Users\Lion\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoginForm_Demo\LoginForm_Demo\obj\Debug\Views\ChangeLogon.baml
